add relation examples for {{this}} (#4011)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/ref.md

`ref()` is, under the hood, actually doing two important things. First, it is interpolating the schema into your model file to allow you to change your deployment schema via configuration. Second, it is using these references between models to automatically build the dependency graph. This will enable dbt to deploy models in the correct order when using `dbt run`.

The `{{ ref }}` function returns a `Relation` object that has the same `table`, `schema`, and `name` attributes as the [{{ this }} variable](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/this).

>   - Note &mdash; Starting from dbt v1.6 or higher, `{{ {ref.identifier }}` will fetch the identifier (such as table name). Previously it would only return the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note &mdash; Prior to dbt v1.6, the dbt Cloud IDE returns `request` as the result of `{{ ref.identifier }}`.
```
